Android 10 TLS and cryptography updates (#1627)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x04f-Testing-Network-Communication.md

##### Recommended TLS Settings

Ensuring proper TLS configuration on the server side is also important. The SSL protocol is deprecated and should no longer be used.

> Also TLS v1.0 and TLS v1.1 have some [known vulnerabilities](https://www.keycdn.com/blog/deprecating-tls-1-0-and-1-1) and are no longer reliable. but many services still allow them for compatibility with older clients. While TLS v1.2 and TLS v1.3 are considered the most secure cryptography protocols.

Reviewer: The link from Portswigger has a valuable links and is more recent.

```suggestion
Also TLS v1.0 and TLS v1.1 have [known vulnerabilities](https://portswigger.net/daily-swig/the-end-is-nigh-browser-makers-ditch-support-for-aging-tls-1-0-1-1-protocols "Browser-makers ditch support for aging TLS 1.0, 1.1 protocols") and their usage is deprecated in all major browsers by 2020.
```

> Starting at Android 10 TLS v1.3 will enable by default for faster and secure communication. The major change with TLS v1.3 is that customizing cipher suites is no longer possible and that all of them are enabled when TLS v1.3 is enabled whereas 0-RTT mode isn't supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS v1.2 and TLS v1.3 are considered best practice for secure transmission of data. Starting with Android 10 (API level 29) TLS v1.3 will be enabled by default for faster and secure communication. The [major change with TLS v1.3](https://developer.android.com/about/versions/10/behavior-changes-all#tls-1.3 "TLS 1.3 enabled by default") is that customizing cipher suites is no longer possible and that all of them are enabled when TLS v1.3 is enabled, whereas Zero Round Trip (0-RTT) mode isn't supported.
```

Reviewer: Can you link to this information that 0-RTT is not supported?

- IANA recommended cipher suites can be found in [TLS Cipher Suites](https://www.iana.org/assignments/tls-parameters/tls-parameters.xhtml#tls-parameters-4 "TLS Cipher Suites").
- OWASP recommended cipher suites can be found in the [TLS Cipher String Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/OWASP/CheatSheetSeries/blob/master/cheatsheets/TLS_Cipher_String_Cheat_Sheet.md "OWASP TLS Cipher String Cheat Sheet").

> Note that in Android 10 the following SHA-2 CBC cipher suites have been removed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in Android 10 the following [SHA-2 CBC cipher suites have been removed](https://developer.android.com/about/versions/10/behavior-changes-all#sha2-cbc-cipher-suites "SHA-2 CBC cipher suites removed"):

```
